Fix the memory cache loss when App in the background. (#3840)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where `UserPuckCourseView`’s color desaturated during turn-by-turn navigation even as the location was being updated. ([#3836](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3836))
* `UserPuckCourseView` no longer desaturates its color based on the age of the last location update. `RouteController` simulates location updates whenever Location Services is unable to receive real location updates. To ensure a steady stream of location updates outside of turn-by-turn navigation, install a `PassiveLocationManager`. ([#3836](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3836))

> * Fixed the image cache loss when App goes to background. ([#3840](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3840))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where shields disappeared after the application returns to the foreground. ([#3840](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3840))
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, I'll update the ChangeLog.
